Hi, hi.
Listen to these audios.
What do they say?.
Do you have children?
Do you have siblings?
How many?
So in the first story I always say, do
you have children?
Do you have children?
Say it with me.
Again, do you have children?
Nice, excellent.
So, do you have children?
Remember, do you have, do you have, okay?
Do you have.
Excellent.
Let's go to the next one.
Do you have siblings?
Say it with me.
Excellent.
Pretty good.
Do you have siblings?
Nice, nice.
That's what they said.
So, for an answer for do you have
children, the answer can be yes, I have
three girls and a little boy.
Yes, I have three girls and a little boy.
Say it with me.
I have three girls and a little boy.
You?
Pretty good.
Once again.
I have three girls and a little boy.
Excellent.
Nice, nice.
Now, this one.
Do you have siblings?
How many?
Remember how many?
Okay, so, do you have siblings?
How many?
You?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Once more.
Do you have siblings?
How many?
Pretty good.
Nice, nice.
Nice.
And one answer that is kind of funny.
Una respuesta que es un poco entretenida
is I have one more than enough.
I have one more than enough.
Meaning that you don't want any more than enough.
So, I have one more than enough.
So, say it with me.
I have one more than enough.
Pretty good.
Once more.
I have one more than enough.
Pretty good.
Nice.
So, remember that you will be asked and
you can ask people.
Do you have children?
Do you have siblings?
How many?
Okay?
So, now, this one.
Wow.
She has a big family.
So, let's check out a video of wow.
Wow.
Ella tiene una familia muy grande, muy numerosa.
Vamos a ver un video.
And you will say if you think, vas a
decir si piensas, that she has a big family.
Que ella tiene una familia numerosa.
Check out the video.
That she burada based on everyone.
She goes too mal.
Whatever she was basing her.
She always asked a big gift for her.
Wow.
Let's takeons withались.
It isn't the kids of Mr. Arbi.
It isn't a child from Mali.
There's children from the Mali.
There are a child.
But it's the children from Africa and the
whole world.
It's a very strong emotion and a feeling
of joy that really inspires me.
For today, today we learned 23 words, 23
words, 5 phrases and expressions and we
developed vocabulary, listening and speaking.
Remember, your determination will lead
you to achieve your goals.
And also remember both things for the platform.
So, the commentary, 15 words, minimum 15
words about the class and second, you
have to rate the class.
So, that was everything for today.
Bye -bye.